Please see the README file in the ../MAC_VERSIONS subdirectory for more
detail. Compared to the files in the ../MAC_VERSIONS subdirectory, the
differences for the code in this directory are:

libassimp.so.3.1.1 - assimp was compiled as a shared library (or shared
	object). The setup-once file is therefore different.

Makefile - this file has to be different, of course.

vStart.glsl and fStart.glsl - to get the scene-start program to work
	in the lab PCs (for Linux), the two shader files have to be
	the same as those for the Mac.

setup - instead of setting up the environment variable DYLD_LIBRARY_PATH,
	we set up the environment variable LD_LIBRARY_PATH instead.
	You might not need to set up this environment variable though.

setup-once - similar to the setup-once in the ../MAC_VERSIONS subdirectory.
	However, since in the system directory /usr/lib64, there is
	no file with the name libGLEW.so, I have added a command to
	create a symbolic link to this shared library.

scene-start.cpp - in the main function, you may need to experiment a
	little bit to see if you need to have the following lines:

		glutInitContextVersion( 3, 2);
		glutInitContextProfile( GLUT_CORE_PROFILE );

	commented out. On the Mac, these lines are not needed. On
	Linux, they might be needed.
	- On my desktop:
	    Fedora, GLX version 1.4, 
            OpenGL vendor string: NVIDIA Corporation, 
	    OpenGL version string: 4.5.0 NVIDIA 346.46
	    OpenGL shading language version string: 4.50 NVIDIA
          the first line must be commented (i.e., not used). In fact,
	  both lines can be commented without causing any problems to
	  the program. If both lines are used in the code, the program
	  would still compile and run but the menu items would be black out.
	- On my laptop:
	    Fedora, server glx vendor string: SGI
	    server glx version string: 1.4
	    client glx vendor string: Mesa Project and SGI
	    client glx version string: 1.4
	    OpenGL core profile version string: 3.3 (Core Profile) Mesa 10.3.3
	    OpenGL core profile shading language version string: 3.30
	  those two lines must be there otherwise the program simply crashed.
	  However, the menu items appeared to be invisible. If you encounter
	  the same problem, I suggest you not to waste your time on fixing
	  the problem. Please use the lab PCs (Mac or Linux) to work on
	  the project.

	On the lab PCs that run Linux, the two lines above must be commented.

	The above problem seems to occur only if you use the shaders
	provided in the glsl subdirectory.  I therefore suggest that
	you use the vStart.glsl and fStart.glsl in the current directory
	(rather than in the glsl subdirectory).

	If you follow the instruction given above (set up symbolic links
	and environment variable (probably not needed)) then you should
	be able to compile and run the skeleton program scene-start.


Du Huynh
April 2016
